### AI Lover Log - Last updated at 2025-09-24T15:13:45.209914 ###

synthesized_descriptions.8.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '米婭', 'synth...「恩澤試用」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.9.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '米婭', 'synth...「恩澤試用」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.10.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '赫克托', 'sy...位，因其賢明。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.11.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '埃德蒙三世...爾，皈依新神！'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.12.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '阿拉里克', ...下凡般的武勇。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.13.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '伊索爾德', ...王國軍事力量。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.14.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '博林', 'synth...狂熱的「矛」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.15.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '克拉拉', 'sy...皆以慘敗告終。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.16.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '克拉拉', 'sy...皆以慘敗告終。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.17.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '高爾', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.18.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '高爾', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.19.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '翠絲', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.20.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '翠絲', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.21.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '迪茜', 'synth...也更具攻擊性。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.22.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '迪茜', 'synth...也更具攻擊性。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.23.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '亞瑟', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.24.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '亞瑟', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.25.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '馬丁', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.26.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '馬丁', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.27.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '朱利安', 'sy...恩」的可能性。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.28.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '阿利斯特', ...「生命之神」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.29.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '阿利斯特', ...「生命之神」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.30.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瑪莉', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.31.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瑪莉', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.32.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '安娜', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.33.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '安娜', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.34.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '老羅', 'synth...聖女的蕩婦」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.35.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '馬克', 'synth...聖女的蕩婦」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.36.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '費奇', 'synth...音分享給兒女。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.37.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '湯瑪斯', 'sy...性神」的信徒。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.38.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '愛蓮娜', 'sy...性神」的信徒。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.39.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '愛莉莎', 'sy...的幸運兒之一。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.40.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '卡蓮', 'synth...的核心管理者。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.41.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '凱爾', 'synth...」核心管理者。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.42.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '艾拉', 'synth...」核心管理者。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.43.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瓦勒留斯', ...均以失敗告終。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.44.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '里斯', 'synth...教派中的地位。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.45.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瑪倫', 'synth...教義得以康復。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.46.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '艾莉絲', 'sy...隨FLUID-A的產生。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.47.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '博林勳爵', ...握重兵的將領。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.48.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '受役者', 'sy...生理組成部分。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.49.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '無名男性', ...現ACTION-E行為。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.50.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '無名女性', ...和輪姦的反應。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "D:\DINO\SD\ComfyUI\personal_server\ai_lover_service\src\ai_core.py", line 2728, in parse_and_create_lore_from_canon
    synthesis_result = await self.ainvoke_with_rotation(synthesis_prompt, output_schema=BatchSynthesisResult, retry_strategy='euphemize', use_degradation=True)
  File "D:\DINO\SD\ComfyUI\personal_server\ai_lover_service\src\ai_core.py", line 731, in ainvoke_with_rotation
    raise e
  File "D:\DINO\SD\ComfyUI\personal_server\ai_lover_service\src\ai_core.py", line 714, in ainvoke_with_rotation
    return output_schema.model_validate(json.loads(clean_json_str))
  File "C:\Users\USER\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python310\lib\site-packages\pydantic\main.py", line 705, in model_validate
    return cls.__pydantic_validator__.validate_python(
pydantic_core._pydantic_core.ValidationError: 51 validation errors for BatchSynthesisResult
synthesized_descriptions.0.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '絲月', 'synth...奇蹟般地受孕。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.1.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '絲月', 'synth...奇蹟般地受孕。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.2.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '卡爾•維利...成為神國中心。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.3.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '莉莉絲', 'sy...是極致的痛苦。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.4.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '莉莉絲', 'sy...是極致的痛苦。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.5.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '老高', 'synth...「教義栽培」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.6.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '薩格納', 'sy...鍵的「同盟」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.7.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '菲利普', 'sy...族猜測與渴望。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.8.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '米婭', 'synth...「恩澤試用」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.9.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '米婭', 'synth...「恩澤試用」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.10.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '赫克托', 'sy...位，因其賢明。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.11.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '埃德蒙三世...爾，皈依新神！'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.12.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '阿拉里克', ...下凡般的武勇。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.13.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '伊索爾德', ...王國軍事力量。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.14.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '博林', 'synth...狂熱的「矛」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.15.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '克拉拉', 'sy...皆以慘敗告終。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.16.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '克拉拉', 'sy...皆以慘敗告終。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.17.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '高爾', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.18.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '高爾', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.19.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '翠絲', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.20.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '翠絲', 'synth...「聖潔果實」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.21.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '迪茜', 'synth...也更具攻擊性。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.22.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '迪茜', 'synth...也更具攻擊性。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.23.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '亞瑟', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.24.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '亞瑟', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.25.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '馬丁', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.26.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '馬丁', 'synth...想已倒向性神。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.27.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '朱利安', 'sy...恩」的可能性。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.28.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '阿利斯特', ...「生命之神」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.29.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '阿利斯特', ...「生命之神」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.30.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瑪莉', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.31.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瑪莉', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.32.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '安娜', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.33.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '安娜', 'synth...揀選」的材料。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.34.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '老羅', 'synth...聖女的蕩婦」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.35.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '馬克', 'synth...聖女的蕩婦」。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.36.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '費奇', 'synth...音分享給兒女。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.37.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '湯瑪斯', 'sy...性神」的信徒。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.38.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '愛蓮娜', 'sy...性神」的信徒。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.39.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '愛莉莎', 'sy...的幸運兒之一。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.40.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '卡蓮', 'synth...的核心管理者。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.41.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '凱爾', 'synth...」核心管理者。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.42.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '艾拉', 'synth...」核心管理者。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.43.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瓦勒留斯', ...均以失敗告終。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.44.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '里斯', 'synth...教派中的地位。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.45.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '瑪倫', 'synth...教義得以康復。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.46.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '艾莉絲', 'sy...隨FLUID-A的產生。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.47.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '博林勳爵', ...握重兵的將領。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.48.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '受役者', 'sy...生理組成部分。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.49.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '無名男性', ...現ACTION-E行為。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
synthesized_descriptions.50.description
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'name': '無名女性', ...和輪姦的反應。'}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
2025-09-24 15:07:49 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] [LORE解析階段 3/4] 描述合成完成。生成了 0 條新描述。
2025-09-24 15:07:49 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] [LORE解析階段 4/4] 開始應用所有數據庫更新...
2025-09-24 15:07:59 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] [LORE解析階段 4/4] 所有數據庫更新已應用。世界聖經解析流程完成。
2025-09-24 15:07:59 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] 正在為世界聖經觸發一次性的 RAG 知識庫全量重建...
2025-09-24 15:07:59 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] (Retriever Builder) 強制重建觸發，正在從資料庫執行全量創始構建...
2025-09-24 15:07:59 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] (Retriever Builder) 已從 SQL 和 LORE 加載 333 條文檔用於創始構建。
2025-09-24 15:07:59 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] (Retriever Builder) 創始構建成功，並已將索引持久化到磁碟。
2025-09-24 15:07:59 - [INFO] - [512280345618546699] RAG 知識庫已成功重建。
